If you're the one reading these questions out loud, take 2 sips.
If you're not partitipating in this game, take 2 sips, and then quit being lame.
Drink 2 times if your birthday is between July and December.
Drink 2 times if your birthday is between January and June.
Drink 3 times if this is your first time playing this game.
Whoever has the fullest drink must take 3 sips. Drink up!
Drink 1 time if you're wearing heels.
Drink 2 times if you're wearing flip-flops.
Drink 2 times if you're wearing jeans.
Drink 3 times if you're wearing a hat.
Drink 1 time if you're wearing glasses.
Take 1 sip if you are older than *.
Take 1 sip if you are younger than *.
Drink 3 times if you have a tattoo.
Take 2 sips if you are younger than *.
Take 3 sips if you've ever been kicked out of a bar or club.
Give out 1 sip for every surgery you've ever had.
If your name is *, take 2 sips.
Whoever was last to go to the bathroom must take 2 sips.
Drink 2 times if you've ever watched Game of Thrones.
*, chug!
Whoever last filled their glass, take 2 sips.
Drink 3 times if you have the letter "S" in your name.
*, go ahead and make a rule.
Whoever is sitting to the left of * must take 2 sips.
Drink 3 times if you're left-handed.
Drink 1 time if you're right-handed.
If you are studying/studied finance or accounting, take 2 sips.
If you are studying/studied communications, take 2 sips.
If you are studying/studied nursing, take 2 sips.
If you are studying/studied computer science, take 2 sips.
If you are studying/studied science, take 2 sips.
If you've ever deleted your browser history, drink 1 time.
Get down! Last person to sit on the floor must drink 3 times.
Point up! Last person to point to the ceiling must drink 2 times.
Drink 2 times if you've just met *.
One at a time, give out 1 sip, * begins.
*, if you feel drunk, give out 2 sips.
*, act like a snake for 5 seconds or drink 3 times.
Whoever hosted this party, take 1 sip.
Drink 3 times if you've ever used Tinder.
Take 1 sip for each cat that you own.
Drink 2 times if you've ever been pulled over.
*, tell us a secret or take 3 sips.
Drink 2 times if you've ever had a tooth pulled.
*, squat 5 times and take a sip in between each. Watch your form!
*, make one player finish their drink.
If you work at a computer, drink 3 times.
If you can lick your elbow, give out 2 sips.
If you live more than an hour away from here, take 3 sips.
If you've ever cheated in school, take 3 sips.
Drink the number of buttons you have on your clothes.
If you like cats more than dogs, drink 2 times.
If you like dogs more than cats, drink 2 times.
Decide who is the smartest in the room. That person must take 2 sips.
If you've ever done yoga, drink 2 times.
If you work in sales, take 1 sip.
If you're afraid of spiders, take 1 sip.
If you have an Android phone, take 1 sip.
Who has the longest hair? Take 2 sips.
If you've ever ridden a horse, take 1 sip.
*, take 1 sip just because.
If you've lived in more than 3 cities, take 3 sips.
If there is liquor available, * must take a shot!
Whoever is controlling the music must take 1 sip. If there's no music playing, everyone takes 2 sips (and turn some music on please).
If you've ever studied abroad, give out 2 sips.
If you're friends with an ex, take 2 sips.
If you've dated a friend's ex, take 1 sip.
*, choose someone to play Rock, Paper, Scissors against. Loser drinks 3 times.
If you like wine, take 2 sips.
If you've ever sent a nude to the wrong person, drink 2 times.
Drink 2 times if you aren't wearing shoes.
The first player to find a green object can give out 2 sips.
Drink 2 times if you've ever been ice skating.
If you pluck your eyebrows, drink 3 times.
Take 1 sip if you've ever been hungover for more than two days in a row.
If you've been in a bar fight, take 2 sips.
Starting with *, list beer brands. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 1 sip.
Starting with *, list NFL teams. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 2 sips.
Starting with *, list car makes. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 3 sips.
Starting with *, list states. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 1 sip.
Starting with *, list ice cream flavors. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 2 sips.
Starting with *, list pizza toppings. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 3 sips.
Starting with *, list video games. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 1 sip.
Starting with *, list female celebrities. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 2 sips.
Starting with *, list male celebrities. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 3 sips.
Starting with *, list TV shows. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 1 sip.
Starting with *, list colleges. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 2 sips.
Starting with *, list athletes. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 3 sips.
Starting with *, list music genres. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 1 sip.
*, pick someone to take 1 sip.
*, pick someone to take 2 sips.
*, pick someone to take 3 sips.
All guys drink!
All girls drink!
*, choose a person to take 2 sips with you.
*, choose a person to take 1 sip with you.
For the next 5 cards, everyone can only speak in 3-word sentences (except the card reader). Drink if you mess up!
For the next 5 cards, if anybody makes eye contact with another player, they both drink.
Be careful! The last person to touch their forehead to the table has to drink 2 times.
For the next 5 cards, nobody can say the word "drink" (except the card reader). Drink if you mess up!
The tallest player in the room gives out 1 sip.
Anyone shorter than * must take 3 sips.
The person sitting to the left of * must take 2 sips.
The person sitting to the right of * must take 2 sips.
*, the next person you make eye contact with must take 3 drinks.
Social! Everyone cheers and take a drink.
Blue-eyed players must take 1 sip.
Green-eyed players must take 1 sip.
Brown-eyed players must take 1 sip.
Whoever is on their phone (except the card reader) must take 2 sips (and put your phone down!)
Last person to stand up takes 2 sips. If everyone is already standing, everyone takes 2 sips!
If you are drinking vodka, take 1 sip.
If you are drinking gin, take 1 sip.
If you are drinking whiskey, take 1 sip.
If you are drinking rum, take 1 sip.
If you are drinking wine, take 2 sips.
If you are drinking beer, take 3 sips.
Take 1 sip if you were born in the 90's.
Anyone who claims they are not drunk must take 1 sip.
If someone else bought your alcohol, thank them and take 2 sips.
For the next 5 turns, * is only allowed to whisper. Drink if you mess up!
For the next 5 turns, * has to play with their eyes closed. Drink if you mess up!
Take 1 sip for each letter in your first name.
*, compliment the person to your left.
*, compliment the person to your right.
Whoever is wearing the skinniest jeans must take 3 sips.
Everyone...drink.
The floor is lava! Last person touching the floor must take 2 sips.
*, take 1 sip without using your hands.
Drink 2 times if you have any piercings.
Everyone who has taken a picture today, take 1 sip.
*, create a new rule!
*, have an arm wrestle with the player to your right. The loser must take 3 sips.
Drink 2 times if you're single.
The next person to check their phone (other than the card reader) must take 2 sips.
If you are the player with the shortest hair, give out 2 sips.
The player with the biggest shoe size must take 1 sip.
Anyone with a one-syllable name must take 1 sip.
Anyone with a two-syllable name must take 2 sips.
Anyone with a three-syllable name must take 3 sips.
For the next 5 turns, everyone must only speak with an accent. Drink if you mess up!
Take 2 sips if you are a vegetarian.
*, perform a dare given by the player to your left. Drink 3 times if you refuse.
*, perform a dare given by the player to your right. Drink 3 times if you refuse.
Whoever has taveled to the most countries can give out 3 drinks.
*, you have 5 seconds to list 5 words that start with "T". (Take 2 sips if you mess up)
*, you have 5 seconds to list 5 dog breeds. (Take 2 sips if you mess up)
*, you have 5 seconds to list 5 clothing brands. (Take 2 sips if you mess up)
*, you have 5 seconds to list 5 social media sites. (Take 2 sips if you mess up)
Starting with * and going to the left, waterfall!
Starting with * and going to the right, waterfall!
*, if your hair is longer than the person to your right, drink 1 time.
*, add a new post to your Snapchat or Instagram story, right now!
Drink your shoe size divided by 2.
Drink 2 times if you've ever binge-watched an entire season in one sitting.
If you've dated someone here, give out 2 drinks.
First person to finish their drink gets to choose another player to finish their drink.
Drink 2 times if you've slept with another player here.
If you've ever flown over an ocean give out 1 sip.
For the next 5 cards, everyone has to act overly-excited everytime they speak.
Drink 2 times if you think you'll be hungover tomorrow.
Drink 1 time if you have the letter "E" in your first name.
*, if your hair is curly, give out 2 sips. If it's not, take 2 sips.
One at a time, do a gesture. The next person does the gesture and adds another, and so on. First to mess up drinks 2 times. * starts.
Drink 1 time if you have ever cried while drunk.
Drink 1 time if you've ever played volleyball.
Drink 2 times if you've ever worn underwear of the opposite sex.
Starting with *, list other words that mean vagina. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 2 sips.
Give out 2 drinks if you have a dog.
*, drink 2 times if you've been out of the country.
Give out 1 drink if you're wearing socks.
*, start a story with three words. One at a time, each player repeats the story and adds three words. First fail takes 2 sips.
* must say the alphabet backwards. Take a drink everytime you mess up.
*, kiss the players on your left's cheek or drink 3 times.
*, kiss the players on your right's cheek or drink 3 times.
If you have never seen a Fast and Furious movie, take 2 sips.
Drink 3 times if you've ever played a video game for more than five hours straight.
Give out 2 drinks if you have the letter "A" in your first name.
If you've been in a relationship for more than 2 years, give out 2 drinks.
Drink 1 time if you watch reality TV.
*, take as many sips as you've had sex in the past 7 days.
Give out 2 drinks if you are going bald or grey.
*, act like a fish for 5 seconds or drink 3 times.
*, have a thumb war with the player to your left. Loser takes 2 sips.
Drink 2 times if you're blonde.
Drink 2 times if you're brunette.
*, give out 3 sips.
Drink 2 times if you have the letter "B" in your first name.
Drink 2 times if you've ever been in a courtroom (not for jury duty).
Whoever wanted to play this game can give out 2 sips.
Give out 1 sip if you haven't looked at your phone in the last 10 minutes.
*, tell us something you've never done. Anyone who has done it must take 1 sip.
Starting with *, list things that * likes. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 1 sip.
The first player to find a red object can give out 2 sips.
Ladies, take as many sips as there are guys in the group. (5 max)
Guys, take as many sips as there are girls in the group. (5 max)
Give out 2 sips if you're older than 28.
Drink 1 time if you've ever turned down someone hot.
Drink 1 time if you've ever blacked out from drinking.
The youngest player can give out 1 sip.
If your shoe size is less than 7, give out 2 drinks.
If you just had to take a sip, give out that same number of sips.
Starting with *, list types of trees. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 2 sips.
Drink 1 time if you're more drunk than *.
Drink 2 times if you've ever lied when you called into work "sick".
*, do 5 pushups or take 3 sips.
Starting with *, list other words that mean penis. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 2 sips.
If your car is newer than 2017, give out 2 sips.
Drink 1 time is you like The Notebook.
If you have an iPhone, take 1 sip.
Drink 2 times if you've known * for less than a month.
*, you must play this game from the floor for the next 5 cards.
If you have less than half of your drink left, finish it!
If you've ever burned an ant with a magnifying glass, drink 2 times.
If you already have some Gatorade that you're planning to drink tomorrow morning, drink 1 time.
If you've ever been to a rodeo, give out 1 sip.
If you played on a sports team in high school or college, give out 2 sips.
If you fought with your partner this week, drink 2 times.
If you're listening to someone read this, drink 1 time.
*, take a sip without letting your glass touch your lips.
Starting with *, list Star Wars characters. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 3 sips.
Ladies, drink 1 time if you've worn a man's shirt to bed.
If you've ever smelled markers, take 1 sip.
All players must speak like a hick for the next 5 cards.
*, make a new rule!
If you've ever Facetuned a selfie, take 2 sips.
All players must whisper for the next 5 cards.
*, drink as many boobs as there are in the room.
If you've ever had your social media account hacked, take 1 sip.
*, ride the bus!
*, grab a random card from a deck, give out that many sips. If you pulled an ace, drink 6 times.
If you work a manual job, take 1 sip.
Drink 2 times if you've ever fallen asleep on a plane.
If you're tanner than *, take 1 sip.
For the next 5 cards, nobody can use their writing hand. Drink if you forget!
*, kiss any player or take 4 sips.
*, if you've ever been in a mosh pit, drink 2 times.
If you've ever gotten a pedicure, take 1 sip.
*, take 2 sips and give out 2 sips.
*, do the yoga position, Downward Facing Dog, and hold for the next 3 cards.
Decide which guy has the least amount of facial hair. He takes 1 sip.
If you drank yesterday, take 1 sip.
Wine lovers take 1 sip.
If you've ever been in the newspaper, give out 1 drink.
If you can play guitar, drink 1 time.
If you have allergies, drink 1 time.
Everyone must speak with a lisp for the next 5 turns. Drink if you forget!
*, if you've ever been in a fist fight, drink 2 times.
If you've ever stolen anything, drink 1 time.
If you didn't vote in the last election, take 1 sip.
If you're not wearing makeup, give out 1 drink.
*, drink as many sips as there are chairs in this room. (8 max)
Whoever went to the bathroom last, drink 2 times.
If you have any grey hairs, drink 1 time.
Everyone take as many sips as the years you went to college.
*, have a staring contest with the player to your left. Loser drinks 2 times.
If you've neve seen South Park, drink 1 time.
Everyone except * drink 1 time.
If you snore, drink 1 time.
Everyone at the table must show their driver's license photo. Vote on the worst one. That person must drink 2 times.
*, attempt to do the splits and hold it for 15 seconds. Drink 1 time if you fail.
*, drink 3 times.
*, perform 3 one-handed pushups. Drink 2 times if you can't.
*, give one compliment to each person playing this game. Take 1 sip before each compliment.
*, write a four-letter word on the back of the person to your left. If they guess correctly, you both can give out 2 drinks each. If they guess wrong, you both drink 2 times.
*, read your last sent or received text message to the group. Drink 2 times if you refuse.
*, Venmo the player to your left $3.
*, lick the floor and describe the taste like you are describing a glass of wine. Drink 4 times if you refuse.
*, clean up some trash, then drink 2 times.
*, until your name comes up again, the person to your right is now your master. Do anything they say or drink 2 times per refusal.
*, until your name comes up again, sit on the lap of the person to your left.
Anyone who is wearing green is safe. Everyone else must take 2 sips.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player they want to drink. The player with the most votes drinks 2 times.
If you have a cracked phone screen, drink 1 time.
*, you are now Simon. Play a game of Simon Says. The first player to mess up must take 3 sips.
*, everyone except you drinks 1 time.
Everyone vote on who has the worst road rage. That person must take 2 sips.
*, if you're in a relationship, your partner drinks 1 time. If you're single, you drink 2 times.
Everyone stand up and touch your toes without bending your knees. Whoever can't must take 1 sip.
If you are the creator of this app, good job, now give out 3 drinks.
If you have posted a selfie on social media in the past month, drink 1 time.
*, pick an animal. Everyone must imitate the sound that that animal makes. Vote on the worst one. That person takes 3 sips.
Starting with *, list animated shows. First to blank out or repeat an answer takes 2 sips.
The person with the fullest drink must drink 3 times.
*, until your name comes up again, you can't leave the table.
Who had the hardest time getting off the couch to come hang out? That person takes 1 sip.
*, soothe the person to your right with relaxing whale sounds. Drink 4 times if you refuse.
Everyone take 1 sip for each year that you had braces.
If you think pineapple belongs on pizza...drink.
The player with the largest shoe size drinks 1 time. Congrats on the huge dick, bro.
Drink 2 times if you've ever been to Coachella, then shut the fuck up about it.
Drink 2 times if your parents bought you a car in high school.
Take 1 sip if you've ever studied abroad in Europe and it "totally changed your life."
Drink 1 time if you like cottage cheese.
Drink 2 times if you do your own taxes, but also congrats on being an adult.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who always wants to play drinking games. The player with the most votes drinks 2 times.
Take 2 sips if you're wearing fake eyelashes.
Who has Chap Stick in their pocket right now? Put those moisturized lips to your cup and drink 1 time.
Drink 1 time if you have a kid.
Drink 2 times if you've worked in a fast-food restaurant.
*, hold a number up behind your back. The person to your right must guess the number. If they are right, they give out that many drinks. If they are wrong, they take that many drinks.
*, take 1 sip for each high heel in the room.
*, make a new rule!
*, show us your best cartwheel. Everyone votes on your performance. Take 2 drinks if it was a fail.
*, everyone who is shorter than you drinks 1 time.
Whoever used the bathroom most recently must take 1 sip.
If you are wearing a shirt with buttons, drink 1 time.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who is the biggest alcoholic. The player with the most votes drinks 2 times.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who would fail an 8th grade math exam right now. The player with the most votes drinks 1 time.
*, until your name comes up again, you must sing everything you say.
Drink 1 time if you've ever walked down the Vegas Strip.
Drink 2 times if you've never been to Las Vegas.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who is most likely to wake up with half a burrito in bed. The player with the most votes drinks 2 times.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who is a little bitch. The player with the most votes drinks 1 time.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who will make out with absolutely anyone. The player with the most votes drinks 2 times.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who sings but shouldn't. The player with the most votes drinks 1 time.
All players who own Airpods must drink 1 time.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who is most likely to get kicked out of a bar. The player with the most votes drinks 3 times.
Drink 2 times if you ever failed your driving test.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who is most likely to be in  bed by 10pm. The player with the most votes drinks 1 time.
Drink 1 time if you have a dietary restriction.
*, the person to your left drinks 1 time.
*, the person to your right drinks 1 time.
*, everyone wearing the same color shirt as you drinks 1 time.
*, everyone born in the same month as you drinks 1 time.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who they think has the lowest rating on Uber. The player with the most votes drinks 2 times.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who they think spends most of their time crafting their image on social media. The player with the most votes drinks 1 time.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who they think has gone to church drunk. The player with the most votes drinks 1 time.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who would get kicked off the karaoke stage. The player with the most votes drinks 2 times.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who they think will resend a text after 10 minutes of no response. The player with the most votes drinks 1 time.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who is most frequently awake at 4am. The player with the most votes drinks 2 times.
On the count of 3, everyone points to the player who they think can't name all 7 continents. If they can, they give out 7 drinks. If they can't, they drink 7 times.
If you have thrown a birthday party for your pet, drink 1 time.
*, play a game of 3-cup flip cup with the person to your right. Loser drinks 3 times.
*, until your name comes up again, you must include "I'll tell you what" in each sentence you say. Drink everytime you mess up.
*, until your name comes up again, you are the Thumb Master. Anytime you place your thumb on the table, everyone else must follow. Last person drinks.
*, ride the bus.
*, until your name comes up again, you can't say anyone else's name. Drink everytime you mess up.
*, until your name comes up again, you must compliment one person at the start of each new card. Drink everytime you mess up.
*, until your name comes up again, you must take 1 sip at the start of each new card.
For the next 5 cards, everyone must stand up when they take a sip. Now take 2 sips.
Earthquake test. If you can put your thumb on the edge of the table and reach your drink, you must drink 2 times.
